My name is Johnny Perkins, John Michael Perkins and I've been going to gigs in Newport since
the late 60s.
I used to work a lot for the Art College and they used to have bands in the Art College
south on the other side of the bridge there.
They used to have bands playing in the canteen area and everything like that.
They had a little stage there but they didn't have too many because the caretaker was a
miserable so-and-so and he didn't like staying up late at night.
The last gig I actually done in the Art College was with a three-piece band from the West
Country and they was called Caracorum.
I think it was a few months later on the telly, only they had a lady singer with them then.
Her name was Chrissie Eind and turned out to be the pretenders.
Most memorable gig I did for the Art College was at the Newport Athletic Club, locally
as The Knack, and on the bill that night was The Crazy World of Arthur Brown and a band
called Spring and myself I was the DJ.
It was the early 70s, around about 1972.
Not long after he had his number one hit single, I Am the God of Hellfire, and that night he
was like three-quarters of the way through his act and he slipped on stage and he cut
his wrist and he had to go to the Royal Gwent Hospital because he had cut himself and everything
like that and he had to go down there with all his makeup on and everything like that
and his long hair and his beard on one side of his face and short hair and no beard on
the other side of his face and he had to be stitched up and that was very memorable because
of the gig itself and that event happening and the two bands themselves.
Spring was one of my favourite bands and they came from Leicester.
Very atmospheric and probably the melaton that drew me into them, it was quite an alluring
sound and everything and the singer Pat Moran was amazing as a front man.
He would stare out into the audience and way beyond and just sort of hypnotise you.
When Spring split up he stayed at Rockfield Recording Studio where they used to reside
and he stayed on as one of their main engineers for years.
One of the bands I loved but topping the grill that night was the crazy
word of Arthur Brown and you couldn't have got anyone better to top the bill.